# Agenda for first meeting, 2019 November 15 @11AM MST
- Zoom link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/105568803


# Presence

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Trevor Olson (TO)
* Trent Hare (TH)

#  Members discussion

* We agree to do a formal invite GH issue to join the TC (and maybe explain a bit on the invite, point to our new document set), MA will create a GH issue about this.
* Addressing AA's concerns: Nobody is blocked from doing a PR, but only TC members should be allowed to merge stuff into a core package.

# General "overarching" goals

* Monthly telecons for TC, contributors (a.k.a. Collaborators do not need to be a member of the TC)
* General org type similar to astropy, no benevolent dictator for life, but a committee that discusses and agrees on issues.
* AA cites feedback from astropy members: we should not block ourselves with too much admin structure.
  RB agrees, comments "start slow and build up", which we agree on.
* RB talks about Planetary Software Organization (PSO), some members of this TC are members of the PSO's Technical Steering Committee ([TSC](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC)).
  We agree to use the TSC's templates for good organization (code of conduct etc.)
* MA mentions core/"blessed" projects joining/affiliated with the TSC of the PSO.
  USGS ISIS is currently going through that application process.
  PSO considers a top level project okay if a set of basic requirements have been adopted like code of conduct and having a public decision process.
* MA mentioned that we decide things by lazy consent (RB just created a PR to add documentation on this.)

# Core package

* RB: Astropy model of core and affiliated seems good to take on, no reasons came up why not to adapt this path.
  Good ideas could start as affiliated package.
  If considered meeting all core rules and a use case is there, it could be merged with core.
  Some packages will stay as affiliated (maybe b/c of dependencies being complicated)
  AA: come up with a list of allowed dependencies?
  RB: Only allowed dependency in astropy is numpy (TC: Gasp! )
  We tentatively agree that we do decisions on maximum number of dependencies over time when the issues come up.

# License

* MA: Cassini used MIT, funding agencies aren't scared of it and often used in scientific projects (like SpiceyPy for example.)
* RB: BSD-3 very often used now in open source projects (astropy as well)
* AA: Only argument for Apache: very detailed, good for corporations collaboration
* RB: BSD-3 seen as more comfortable being shorter and having less `legal` overhead.
* AA: Used MIT for spiceypy, was fine at the time. Possible problem with patents
* TO: Fine with any of the open licenses being discussed (MIT or BSD-3)
* TO: If we want to change license of code in planetarypy to BSD-3, depending on current license we might need their permission.
  RB states that that depends on the current license.
  We will discuss this on the per-case basis when we add things to the list of affiliated packages (which is when the license question had to be addressed) or when entering the respective package into core.
* We agree on adopting the BSD-3 clause (same as astropy)

# Package name vs Project name
* RB: "Astropy" refers to "the project", "astropy" refers to the core package only.
  Motion by RB: PlanetaryPy for project name, and package name "planetarypy"
  We adopt this motion.
* MA ask if we need to adopt a standard import acronym, like numpy does with np, or matplotlib with mpl. There's a problem with the obvious choice of pp.
  Alternative suggestions are planpy, ppy.
  We table a decision on this for now, we can just use "from planetarypy import <sub_package> name for any documents and example code.

# Package layout discussion
* The TC expressed its wish to start with an empty planetarypy, and not to start with MA's existing package of the same name.
* MA had prematurely transferred his planetarypy package into the PlanetaryPy GH org, but will transer it back to his own account (Done.)
  * Note, this is different from what MA said during the meeting.
    Reason for transferring back instead of renaming is that MA has users of that package and he doesn't want to irritate them by renaming it.
  * When MA wants code to be entered into the empty planetarypy core package it will happen via PR that will be discussed by the TC before merging.

## First focus?

* MA: Use PVL as a first piece to enter core or as AP.
* MA: Minimum Python requirement?
  * AA: Use maybe 3.7 as base?
  * TO: Votes for anything that does not have official end of life soon.
  * MA: Scared of increased effort for unpaid voluntary workers when upkeeping older versions.
  * TO: Agrees with keeping 3.5 out b/c end of life is September 2020.
  * We adopt Python 3.6 as a minimum version for the core package for now.

# Action items:
* MA: Rename planetarypy to get it out of way for seen as core (Done. Removed from the org)
* RB: Will put document PR to the TC repo
* All: Read how astropy is organizing itself.
* All: Requirements on packages to be an affiliated package (look at astropy?)
* MA: Send a doodle for next meeting
* MA: Create issue about formal invite text


