# Agenda for the next PPTC meeting, 2019 December 06 @ 10AM MST
- Zoom link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/105568803

Please add items via pull request

# Attendance

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Ross Beyer (RB)

# Previous meeting's action times
* MA: Rename planetarypy to get it out of way for seen as core.
  * Done. Removed from the org)
* RB: Will put document PR to the TC repo
  * #6, see below
* All: Read how astropy is organizing itself.
* All: Requirements on packages to be an affiliated package (look at astropy?)
* MA: Create issue about formal invite text
  * Created #12 instead, to keep it simple.

# Request for TC membership
Just to have things on record, I created a GH issue where interested parties should comment on if they wish to become a member of the TC. More info at the issue:
https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/issues/12

# Governance documents

Ross created a huge PR (thanks!) here: https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/6) that was reviewed by KMA and AA and is now merged.
The TC members should look through to check for agreement, if not done already during the PR review time.
* One of the more important things that these documents set in place -- and the TC needs to be aware of -- is, that we need 2 reviewers and a minimum wait time before merge on changes to all documents in the TC repo from now on. See documents for details.
* Motion: I think our welcoming README.md (https://github.com/planetarypy/TC) could be improved a bit (but not much, we don't want to duplicate governing documents). What do people think? I'm thinking of
 -> Action: make a issue/PR
 -> RB: How much in TC readme vs a more public-facing welcoming website (planetarypy.github.io) remains to be decided, but most likely we shouldn't need much in this README.

# Procedure documents

Ross created another PR related to procedures within PlanetaryPy, specifically regarding affiliated packages (APs) (https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/9 , now merged, Thanks, Ross!).
 -> RB: Still in state of flux for some details.
* If not yet done, the TC members should review for agreement.
* Questions from KMA:
  * Is it okay for a project to have open PRs during review? What if they are substantial? I'm inclined to say it doesn't matter but wanted to raise the question.
  -> RB: Too draconian to reqest open issues and PRs to all be closed. The review process could evaluate whether pending issues and PRs are substantial.
   -> Action: Check if review guidelines mention to look at issues and PRs.

  * Should we require a conda package (at least on a private channel) from APs? If we provide the cookiecutter template for it, it shouldn't be too hard. MA's inclination is that we should for now, but we could revisit this if it creates too much of a hurdle for people. Or, the TC decides to help authors with these issue?
  -> Pypi package should be part of AP application, but we have to avoid losing encouragement due to packaging hurdles. The TC should (as long as we have low traffic) support the packaging tasks of any candidate affiliated package.
-> We agree that as a first thing we get this template going and develop it into what we want it to do. ACTION: MA: create issue and little instruction how to execute it for people to test.


# Steps toward a core packagee

Because the TC decided last meeting that the package should be started from scratch, there are a multitude of things to decide.
* KMA tried to summarize these in a GH project here, and suggests to go through the itemized checklist for a bit during the telecon:
  * https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/projects/1
 -> Action: These checkmarks will become part of the cookiecutter template so they will be mentioned/checked-off there.

One of the suggested ways forward (https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/issues/3) is to prepare one of the grandfathered PlanetaryPy projects for becoming an affiliated package (meaning lower requirements than the core package). We have now documented guidelines for this process in the `Procedures` directory.
* We were previously naming `pvl` as a candidate for this process, but it has currently open issues and PR's, could Trevor Olson comment on these and related workloads?
-> ACTION for TC: Read Ross' new issue #14 where he tries to apply the current guidelines to the `pvl` repo.

Another step towards a core package is to create a cookiecutter package that places all required items where they should be, including a conda package template.
-> Agreed above that this is the first thing to do now.

* We currently have already a cookiecutter package in the GH org, we would need to update it with the things that have changed. KMA is happy to lead this effort as he has a more up-to-date cookiecutter package focusing available.
  * Related to this, it is good to finally have a `tox-conda` plugin that will enable us to create test matrices while fully supporting conda, which was not combinable in the past.

# Keeping a list of affiliated packages
  * Discussion here: https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/issues/8
-> Let's start with keeping it in the main README.md. Can always change it if we want to parse it for a website.

# AOB
-> We think PlanetaryPy is not far enough for LPSC abstract, but let's do one for PSIDA.

# Summary of actions
* MA: Create GH issue for Readme pepping up
* RB: Check if review guidelines mention to look at issues and PRs.
* MA: create GH issue for package template and instructions how to execute it for people to test.
  * Sub-action: Add project checkmarks to this issue
* All TC: Read Ross' new issue #14 where he tries to apply the current guidelines to the `pvl` repo.