# Zoom link:

https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/639130426

# Participants

* Ross Beyer (RB)
* Chase Million (CM)
* Andrew Annex (AA)
* Michael Aye (MA)


# Previous Agenda Action Items

* MA: Create GH issue for Readme pepping up (Completed, the creation of issue.)
* RB: Check if review guidelines mention to look at issues and PRs. (RB will check if CoC specificall mentioned to be inherited, if Affiliated Package).
* MA: create GH issue for package template and instructions how to execute it for people to test. (Created, and to be discussed below)
* Sub-action: Add project checkmarks to this issue (Discussed below as well).
  All TC: Read Ross' new issue #14 where he tries to apply the current guidelines to the pvl repo. (Becomes soon an actionable item during `pvl` application to affiliated package process. see below).
  
# New agenda items
* PVL: RB updates!
** RB created a huge refactor of `pvl` and it was merged into master. Trevor and Austin did not chime in during review phase, we hope it's tacit approval.
** Next things: 
*** ReadTheDocs needs update (AI:) needs update on the webhook), 
*** (AI:) PyPi package needs to be updated. 
*** CM: Will create an issue for testing new pvl version with problematic Galileo dataset
*** After these things, formal review of `pvl` shall be performed.

* Chase updates on his data reader tools
** Both PDS4 and PDS3, PDS4 wraps the existing library.
** 70% of data seems to work.
** Some data tables don't provide all metadata required for reading in the label file. MA thinks it might be solved in his planetarypy/pdstools

* (still pvl): RB biggest difference might be writing out an pvl object. RB introduced formal flavors of different pvl objects. For example, ISIS-PVLObject vs stricter PDS3 PVL object (restriction on the original ODL).
Turn around between read and write is now complete, so that nothing of the read text object is lost.

* AA: review/update planetarypy teams, currently only admins can commit and contributors are read only? New maintainers team has been created but we should talk just for a bit to see how it could be better organized.

** Contributor's team is read-only. We might need a maintainer team that has write rights to other repositories. Issue came up that when RB was working on his PR for pvl, he could not even close issues.
AA will create an issue to brainstorm this further.

* Planetary Software Organization Application: can we submit?
** RB thinks we can apply, it would also exercise the process on the Planetary Software application process. Needs one more review. 

* `planetarypy/package-template` : Is it usable, or does more 'heavy construction' need to be done?  It can always be improved, but can we start using it?
** MA suggests that everybody executes the template and have a look if they like the example project created. MA will create a PR for the src layout of the package layout. MA will run and upload it as an example_repo (or as another branch of the package template?) ? 
** How do we apply the template on something? Possibly scary with `pvl`, maybe we can identify a smaller project?

* MA will create an issue to find a standing meeting timeslot.

