# PlanetaryPy TC Meeting 2020 April 21st @ 1:30 PM MDT

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/639130426

### Participants

* Ross Beyer
* Andrew Annex
* Michael Aye
* Chase Million


## Agenda / Notes

* Completed Action Items
	* A stable monthly meeting on the 3rd Tuesday of every month has been established.

* Uncompleted Action Items
	*  MA will create a PR for the src layout of the package layout.
       MA will run and upload it as an example_repo (or as another branch
       of the package template?).
  * create a bare branch on upstream planetarypy package-template, and then pull request the "build" branch that is in my fork.
  * have this done, and THEN afterwards add the src layout.

* Governance Documents PR [23](https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/pull/23)
  * MA will give a review later today.

* PSO Application: can be submitted once #23 merged.
  * RB thinks #23 is the only thing in the way.
  * We agree to submit once #23 is merged.
  * RB had created a draft in our PPTC repo, the action to submit is to put in a PR to PSO.
  * RB will take the draft (that was reviewed before), that exists and will submit as PR to PSO.

* planetarypy.github.io: Ross has been toying around with Jekyll based on Andrew's suggestion to look at HelioPy's site. Have something working to parse a registry.json file, but we don't have any packages yet!
  * RB played with that registry file. just feels premature b/c we don't have packages yet.
  * MA asks if the Jekyll-based workflow would be okay for a PlanetaryPy website as well.

* pvl
	* PRs and comments are moving forward to reinforce the alpha version
    * What means "reinforce alpha"?
      * RB: Several actions to get pvl forward, need to close out current units PR
      * No need for pre-release on PyPI. let's remove alpha label on GH first and then do the PyPI.
      * Current status is that alpha is in master, but conda install get's the previous main release.
	* Has the PyPI upload been automated via tag push?
    * Not yet, steps ahead are 1) close out units PR, 2) remove alpha tag from GH master, 3) create automatic PyPI pushes, 4) conda-forge will be triggered by PyPI update.
    * Let's do PyPI stuff manually first.

* AOB
  * MA asks, if we should start creating a (private?) core package *after* the package-template is done.
  * Maybe we want to start with something atomic and clear tasks, like a constants module (parsing SPICE datafiles).
  * RB doesn't see a big problem to have it public. We just make it clear in the README, that it's under development and there are no conda-forges until we are happy with it.

## Action Items

* MA to review governance
* After #23 is merged, let's `pvl` through process of application package, even before alpha is done. (RB)
* MA to create PRs for package-template and implement the src layout.

